                    MESIEL GENERAL LICENSE
                       Version 1.0, 2025

 Copyright (c) 2025 Mesiel Project Authors. All rights reserved.

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                           Preamble

  The Mesiel General License (MGL) is designed to guarantee your
freedom to share and change all versions of a program—to make sure
it remains free software for all its users. “Free software” here
refers to freedom, not price. Our licenses are intended to ensure
that you have the freedom to distribute copies, modify the source
code, and share those modifications with the community, while
ensuring that all such versions remain free for everyone.

  To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying
you these rights or asking you to surrender them. Therefore, if
you distribute copies of such a program, or if you modify it, you
are responsible for passing on the same freedoms to others.

  We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright on the
software, and (2) this license, which requires you to make source
code available, keep this license intact, and distribute
derivatives under the same license.

  Every user is given the same rights: to use, modify, and share.
As a result, every contribution remains part of a shared commons
of software knowledge. We call this the Mesiel General License.

                      TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  0. Definitions.
  "Program" refers to any work licensed under this License.
  "You" refers to licensees who exercise rights under this License.
  "Derivative Work" means any modification, translation,
  adaptation, or other change to the Program.

  1. Source Code.
  The "source code" means the preferred form of the work for
  making modifications to it. Any distribution of binaries must
  include access to the source code of the Program and any
  modifications made to it.

  2. Copying and Distribution.
  You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program’s
  source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that
  you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
  appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep
  intact all the notices that refer to this License; and give any
  other recipients a copy of this License along with the Program.

  3. Modification and Derivative Works.
  You may modify your copy or copies of the Program, or any
  portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and
  distribute such modifications or work under the terms of
  Section 2 above, provided that you also meet all of these
  conditions:
    a) The modified work must carry prominent notices stating
       that you changed it and the date of the change.
    b) The modified work must be licensed, as a whole, at no
       charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.
    c) If the modified work is distributed in binary form,
       you must make the modified source code available under
       the same conditions as the original Program.

  4. Redistribution in Binary Form.
  You may distribute the Program in object code or executable form
  under the terms of Sections 2 and 3, provided that you also
  do one of the following:
    a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding source code; or
    b) Make the source code publicly available in a reasonable way.

  5. Integrity of The License.
  You may not apply any additional restrictions beyond those in
  this License. You may not sublicense the Program.

  6. Attribution.
  You must clearly attribute the Program to the “Mesiel Project”
  in any public distribution.

  7. Acceptance.
  By using, copying, modifying, or distributing the Program, you
  indicate your acceptance of this License.

  8. No Warranty.
  THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
  THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
  PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
  THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
  DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
  TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION
  WITH THE PROGRAM OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE PROGRAM.

  9. Future Versions of the MGL.
  The Mesiel Project may publish revised or new versions of
  the Mesiel General License from time to time. Such new
  versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,
  but may differ in detail. Each version is given a version
  number. You may choose to follow the terms of the version
  under which you received the Program, or any later version.

                  END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

 How to Apply These Terms to Your Work

  If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the
greatest possible use to the public, the best way to achieve
this is to make it free software which everyone can redistribute
and change under these terms.

  To do so, attach the following notices to the program. It is
safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most
effectively state the exclusion of warranty; and each file should
have at least the “copyright” line and a pointer to where the
full license is found.

    <one line to give the program’s name and a brief idea of what it does.>
    Copyright (c) <year> <name of author>

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the Mesiel General License
    as published by the Mesiel Project; either version 1.0 of
    the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    Mesiel General License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the Mesiel General License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://mesiel-org.github.io/license.html>.
